IAM Auth and Optional WebUI (#313)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: docs/UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

# Upgrade Guide

## Migrating from <=v0.47 to v0.48

If you are migrating to v0.48 and choosing to remove the WebUI component (before
this version this option did not exist), you will receive errors in the
CloudFormation updates. _This is expected._ There are 2 expected errors:

- In the `DeployStack` the `CleanupWebUIBucket` resource will fail to delete.

>   This resource is just an attempt to empty the WebUI S3 Bucket which is no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `CleanupWebUIBucket` is a custom resource which attempts to empty the WebUI S3 Bucket which is no
```

>   longer possible as permissions to the bucekt have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  longer possible as permissions to the bucket have been removed.
```

- The `WebUIStack` stack will fail to delete. This is due to the S3 bucket not
  being empty, which is due to the previous error.

> These errors can be very easily resolved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve these errors:
```

> 1. First wait until the main S3F2 stack is at `UPDATE_COMPLETE` status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Wait until the main S3F2 stack is at `UPDATE_COMPLETE` status.
```

> 2. Locate the `WebUIStack` stack in the CloudFormation console and find the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose the `WebUIStack` stack in the CloudFormation console and find the
```

   WebUIBucket bucket name from looking at the Outputs tabs.

> 3. Go to the S3 Console and select the WebUIBucket with the name found above,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the S3 Console and choose the WebUIBucket with the name found above,
```
